docs: grammar and style corrections (#3354)
microsoft/fast-dna: packages/web-components/fast-components-msft/README.md

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40microsoft%2Ffast-components-msft.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40microsoft%2Ffast-components-msft)

> `fast-components-msft` is a library of Web Components that *composes* `fast-foundation`. `fast-components-msft` uses the same custom element names as `fast-components`, but makes use of different stylesheets that align to the Microsoft design language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fast-components-msft` is a library of Web Components that *composes* `fast-foundation`. `fast-components-msft` uses the same custom element names as `fast-components`, but makes use of different stylesheets that support Microsoft's Fluent design language.
```
